SOFTWARE ENGINEER - FRONT END
Rauland Australia Pty Ltd
North Melbourne, Melbourne VIC, Australia
Engineering - Software (Information & Communication Technology)
Full time
Solid salary + Super + Learning leave (AUD)
Posted 4d ago
More jobs from this company
North Melbourne based

Develop on cutting-edge technologies such as .NET, React, Cloud, AI, IoT etc.
Where innovation and collaboration deliver solutions that are ahead of the market
Leading healthcare technology provider across Australia and New Zealand
Recent growth and success paired with our future vision has prompted the need to enhance our Development Team by adding proven and capable Front-End Engineering talent, as we are undertaking exciting new projects in a wide range of technologies. 

Working closely with the Engineering Leads and Product Owners, your immediate team, other Rauland teams and customers, you will be involved in a variety of projects working on cutting-edge solutions, improving the healthcare experience for patients and staff in the acute health, mental health and aged care sectors.

About You:

You enjoy the company of passionate, enthusiastic and motivated peers in a highly collaborative Agile team. You are passionate about excellence in customer service, excited about continuously challenging yourself, developing your knowledge, taking ownership of your responsibilities, and having your team’s backs.

You will:

Focus on front-end and UI aspects of our product lines.
Get an opportunity to be exposed to a wide range of technologies.
Enjoy involvement in all aspects of development and will help drive improvements.
Have an opportunity to continuously develop and learn.
Qualifications and Experience: 

5+ years of experience in front-end and UI development.
Solid development experience HTML5, CSS3, Sass, and understanding about Less.
Deep understanding about JavaScript, TypeScript, and React.
Passion for beautiful design.
Most importantly, attention to detail.
Experience with the following will put you ahead of others:

Experience in other JavaScript application frameworks such as Angular, EmberJS, Vue etc.
A good understanding of Object Oriented Programming philosophies and modern-day best practices.
Understanding and knowledge about C# and ASP.NET.
Experience in mobile app development on Android, iOS or X platform.
Experience in or exposure to developing in an Agile environment.
Experience with testing principles such as TDD and CI.
Understanding of SQL, LINQ and Databases.
Knowledge about Domain Driven Development, CQRS.
Non-Technical:

Implement commercial business requirements into high-quality code and algorithms
Collaboration with a broad team and internal stakeholders
Provide product support – utilising highly developed verbal and written communication skills using face-to-face, telephone and email media
A formal qualification in the relevant discipline would be advantageous to your application
We Offer:

In addition to the opportunity to do truly meaningful work, Rauland offers a competitive package with everything you would expect and more: 

Leave entitlements so you can rest, recharge and spend valued time with your loved ones!  In addition to all standard Fairwork Leave entitlements, we also offer:

8 weeks paid Parental Leave for primary carers and an additional 3 weeks of paid return to work bonus
4 weeks paid Parental Leave for secondary carers
1 week paid Learning Leave per year
Hybrid arrangement: working from home 2 days and in the office 3 days (where it is practical to do so). 
Learning Leave so you can study and advance your career: You can get one additional week of leave each year for study and education purposes.
Enjoy recognition for your great work! On the spot recognition, quarterly Peer to Peer Awards and Annual Excellence Awards.
The company of a tight knit team! Our diverse team support each other to achieve outcomes and enjoy a calendar of social and mental wellbeing initiatives. 
Employee Benefits Program. Access to everyday savings from brands you know and love, events to participate in, healthy living inspiration, and much more. 
Employee Referral Program. Earn bonuses for inviting your friends to work and grow with us!
Employee Assistance Program for when you need that extra support.
Culture and benefits 

We are committed to helping our team reach their highest potential and maximise their career success. Our dedication to those we serve propels our company forward, creating a fantastic chance for passionate individuals to advance and excel with a top care technology company with countless growth possibilities. 